<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# terraform-azurerm-avm-privatelinkservice

Module to deploy a Private Link Service in Terraform

## Load Balancer Requirement

A Private Link Service **requires** a Standard Load Balancer frontend IP configuration. This module supports the following mutually exclusive options (exactly **one** option must be used.):

#### Option 1 – Resource Load Balancer (Default)
Description: The module will attach the created separate Standard Load Balancer
- Provide `load_balancer_frontend_ip_configuration_ids` directly.

Type: `list(string)`

#### Option 2 – Module-created built-in Load Balancer (Recommended)
Description: The module will create a Standard Load Balancer and attach it to the Private Link Service.
- Provide `load_balancer_frontend_ip_configs`.

Type:

```hcl
list(object({
    name                 = string
    subnet_id            = optional(string)
    private_ip_address   = optional(string)
    public_ip_address_id = optional(string)
  }))
```

#### Option 3 – Existing Load Balancer
Description: The module will attach the Private Link Service to the existing Load Balancer.
Provide:
- `existing_load_balancer_id`
Type: `string`
- `existing_load_balancer_frontend_ip_configuration_ids`
Type: `list(string)`

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (>= 1.9, < 2.0)

- <a name="requirement_azapi"></a> [azapi](#requirement\_azapi) (~> 2.4)

- <a name="requirement_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#requirement\_azurerm) (~> 4.0)

- <a name="requirement_modtm"></a> [modtm](#requirement\_modtm) (~> 0.3)

- <a name="requirement_random"></a> [random](#requirement\_random) (~> 3.5)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azurerm_lb.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/lb) (resource)
- [azurerm_management_lock.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/management_lock) (resource)
- [azurerm_monitor_diagnostic_setting.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/monitor_diagnostic_setting) (resource)
- [azurerm_private_link_service.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/private_link_service) (resource)
- [azurerm_role_assignment.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/role_assignment) (resource)
- [modtm_telemetry.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/azure/modtm/latest/docs/resources/telemetry) (resource)
- [random_uuid.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/random/latest/docs/resources/uuid) (resource)
- [azapi_client_config.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/data-sources/client_config) (data source)
- [modtm_module_source.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/azure/modtm/latest/docs/data-sources/module_source) (data source)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_location"></a> [location](#input\_location)

Description: (Required) Azure region were the resource should be deployed.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name)

Description: (Required) The name of this resource

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_nat_ip_configurations"></a> [nat\_ip\_configurations](#input\_nat\_ip\_configurations)

Description: (Required) List of NAT IP configuration blocks for the Private Link Service.  
This includes the following properties:
- name - (Required)The name for the NAT IP configuration.
- private\_ip\_address - (Optional)The private static IP address for this configuration.
- private\_ip\_address\_version - (Optional) The version of the private static IP address.
- subnet\_id - (Required) The ID of the subnet for the private link service.
- primary - (Required) Set this IP configurations as primary, changing this foces a new resource to be created.

Type:

```hcl
list(object({
    name                       = string
    subnet_id                  = string
    primary                    = bool
    private_ip_address         = optional(string, null)
    private_ip_address_version = optional(string, null)
  }))
```

### <a name="input_resource_group_name"></a> [resource\_group\_name](#input\_resource\_group\_name)

Description: (Required) The resource group where the resources will be deployed.

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_auto_approval_subscription_ids"></a> [auto\_approval\_subscription\_ids](#input\_auto\_approval\_subscription\_ids)

Description: (Optional) A list of subscription IDs that will be automatically approved to connect to the Private Link Service.

Type: `list(string)`

Default: `[]`

### <a name="input_diagnostic_settings"></a> [diagnostic\_settings](#input\_diagnostic\_settings)

Description: A map of diagnostic settings to create on the Key Vault. The map key is deliberately arbitrary to avoid issues where map keys maybe unknown at plan time.

- `name` - (Optional) The name of the diagnostic setting. One will be generated if not set, however this will not be unique if you want to create multiple diagnostic setting resources.
- `log_categories` - (Optional) A set of log categories to send to the log analytics workspace. Defaults to `[]`.
- `log_groups` - (Optional) A set of log groups to send to the log analytics workspace. Defaults to `["allLogs"]`.
- `metric_categories` - (Optional) A set of metric categories to send to the log analytics workspace. Defaults to `["AllMetrics"]`.
- `log_analytics_destination_type` - (Optional) The destination type for the diagnostic setting. Possible values are `Dedicated` and `AzureDiagnostics`. Defaults to `Dedicated`.
- `workspace_resource_id` - (Optional) The resource ID of the log analytics workspace to send logs and metrics to.
- `storage_account_resource_id` - (Optional) The resource ID of the storage account to send logs and metrics to.
- `event_hub_authorization_rule_resource_id` - (Optional) The resource ID of the event hub authorization rule to send logs and metrics to.
- `event_hub_name` - (Optional) The name of the event hub. If none is specified, the default event hub will be selected.
- `marketplace_partner_resource_id` - (Optional) The full ARM resource ID of the Marketplace resource to which you would like to send Diagnostic LogsLogs.

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    name                                     = optional(string, null)
    log_categories                           = optional(set(string), [])
    log_groups                               = optional(set(string), ["allLogs"])
    metric_categories                        = optional(set(string), ["AllMetrics"])
    log_analytics_destination_type           = optional(string, "Dedicated")
    workspace_resource_id                    = optional(string, null)
    storage_account_resource_id              = optional(string, null)
    event_hub_authorization_rule_resource_id = optional(string, null)
    event_hub_name                           = optional(string, null)
    marketplace_partner_resource_id          = optional(string, null)
  }))
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_enable_proxy_protocol"></a> [enable\_proxy\_protocol](#input\_enable\_proxy\_protocol)

Description: (Optional) The support for the Proxy Protocol for te Private Link Service

Type: `bool`

Default: `false`

### <a name="input_enable_telemetry"></a> [enable\_telemetry](#input\_enable\_telemetry)

Description: This variable controls whether or not telemetry is enabled for the module.  
For more information see <https://aka.ms/avm/telemetryinfo>.  
If it is set to false, then no telemetry will be collected.

Type: `bool`

Default: `true`

### <a name="input_existing_load_balancer_frontend_ip_configuration_ids"></a> [existing\_load\_balancer\_frontend\_ip\_configuration\_ids](#input\_existing\_load\_balancer\_frontend\_ip\_configuration\_ids)

Description: (Optional) Frontend IP configuration IDs belonging to the existing load balancer provided in existing\_load\_balancer\_id.
*(for creating the load balancer inside the module) - load\_balancer\_frontend\_ip\_configs for a module-created load balancer

Type: `list(string)`

Default: `[]`

### <a name="input_existing_load_balancer_id"></a> [existing\_load\_balancer\_id](#input\_existing\_load\_balancer\_id)

Description: (Optional) ID of an existing Standard Load Balancer. If provided, you must also provide its frontend IP configuration IDs.
*(for existing load balancer) - existing\_load\_balancer\_id & existing\_load\_balancer\_frontend\_ip\_configuration\_ids

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_load_balancer_frontend_ip_configs"></a> [load\_balancer\_frontend\_ip\_configs](#input\_load\_balancer\_frontend\_ip\_configs)

Description: (Optional) To deploy the Standard Load balancer together with Private Link Service inside the module.

Type:

```hcl
list(object({
    name                 = string
    subnet_id            = optional(string)
    private_ip_address   = optional(string)
    public_ip_address_id = optional(string)
  }))
```

Default: `[]`

### <a name="input_load_balancer_frontend_ip_configuration_ids"></a> [load\_balancer\_frontend\_ip\_configuration\_ids](#input\_load\_balancer\_frontend\_ip\_configuration\_ids)

Description: (Optional) One Load Balancer Frontend IP Configuration IDs associated with the Private Link Service (ONLY ONE, more are not supported). The variable type is still a list but it only accepts one.
*(for creating the load balancer outside the module) - load\_balancer\_frontend\_ip\_configuration\_ids.

Type: `list(string)`

Default: `[]`

### <a name="input_lock"></a> [lock](#input\_lock)

Description: Controls the Resource Lock configuration for this resource. The following properties can be specified:

- `kind` - (Required) The type of lock. Possible values are `\"CanNotDelete\"` and `\"ReadOnly\"`.
- `name` - (Optional) The name of the lock. If not specified, a name will be generated based on the `kind` value. Changing this forces the creation of a new resource.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    kind = string
    name = optional(string, null)
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_role_assignments"></a> [role\_assignments](#input\_role\_assignments)

Description: A map of role assignments to create on this resource. The map key is deliberately arbitrary to avoid issues where map keys maybe unknown at plan time.

- `role_definition_id_or_name` - The ID or name of the role definition to assign to the principal.
- `principal_id` - The ID of the principal to assign the role to.
- `description` - The description of the role assignment.
- `skip_service_principal_aad_check` - If set to true, skips the Azure Active Directory check for the service principal in the tenant. Defaults to false.
- `condition` - The condition which will be used to scope the role assignment.
- `condition_version` - The version of the condition syntax. Valid values are '2.0'.
- `delegated_managed_identity_resource_id` - The delegated Azure Resource Id which contains a Managed Identity. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
- `principal_type` - The type of the principal\_id. Possible values are `User`, `Group` and `ServicePrincipal`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created. It is necessary to explicitly set this attribute when creating role assignments if the principal creating the assignment is constrained by ABAC rules that filters on the PrincipalType attribute.

> Note: only set `skip_service_principal_aad_check` to true if you are assigning a role to a service principal.

Example Input:

  ```terraform
  role_assignments ={
    "object1" = {
      role_definition_id_or_name = "<role_definition_1_name>"
      principal_id               = "<object_id_of_the_principal>"
    },
    "object2" = {
      role_definition_id_or_name = "<role_definition_2_name>"
      principal_id               = "<object_id_of_the_principal>"
      description                = "<description>"
    },
  }
```

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    role_definition_id_or_name             = string
    principal_id                           = string
    description                            = optional(string, null)
    skip_service_principal_aad_check       = optional(bool, false)
    condition                              = optional(string, null)
    condition_version                      = optional(string, null)
    delegated_managed_identity_resource_id = optional(string, null)
    principal_type                         = optional(string, null)
  }))
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags)

Description: (Optional) Tags of the resource.

Type: `map(string)`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_visibility_subscription_ids"></a> [visibility\_subscription\_ids](#input\_visibility\_subscription\_ids)

Description: (Optional) A list of subscription IDs that have visibility to the Private Link Service

Type: `list(string)`

Default: `[]`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_alias"></a> [alias](#output\_alias)

Description: The alias of the Private Link Service.

### <a name="output_auto_approval_subscription_ids"></a> [auto\_approval\_subscription\_ids](#output\_auto\_approval\_subscription\_ids)

Description: The list of subscription IDs that have auto approval to the Private Link Service.

### <a name="output_load_balancer_frontend_ip_configuration_ids"></a> [load\_balancer\_frontend\_ip\_configuration\_ids](#output\_load\_balancer\_frontend\_ip\_configuration\_ids)

Description: The frontend IP configuration IDs used by the Private Link Service.

### <a name="output_load_balancer_id"></a> [load\_balancer\_id](#output\_load\_balancer\_id)

Description: The ID of the module-created Standard Load Balancer (if created). Null if using an existing LB.

### <a name="output_name"></a> [name](#output\_name)

Description: Name of the resource.

### <a name="output_nat_ip_configurations"></a> [nat\_ip\_configurations](#output\_nat\_ip\_configurations)

Description: The NAT IP configurations used by this Private Link Service.

### <a name="output_resource"></a> [resource](#output\_resource)

Description: Output of the resource.

### <a name="output_resource_id"></a> [resource\_id](#output\_resource\_id)

Description: ID of the resource

### <a name="output_visibility_subscription_ids"></a> [visibility\_subscription\_ids](#output\_visibility\_subscription\_ids)

Description: The list of subscription IDs that have visibility to the Private Link Service.

## Modules

No modules.

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft’s privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->